feat: add search data source (#288)
akamai/terraform-provider-akamai: docs/data-sources/search.md

---
layout: "akamai"
page_title: "Akamai: akamai_search"
subcategory: "Property Provisioning"
description: |-
 Search
---

# akamai_search

> Use the `akamai_search` data source to query and retrieve the list of properties that match a specific hostname, edge hostname or property 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `akamai_property_search` data source to query and retrieve the list of properties that match a specific hostname, edge hostname or property 
```

> Use the `akamai_search` data source to query and retrieve the list of properties that match a specific hostname, edge hostname or property 

Reviewer 2: We usually follow the approach in markdown documentation "one sentence, one line". Please join this and next line

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the `akamai_search` data source to retrieve the list of properties matching a specific hostname, edge hostname or property 
```

Author: Thanks! I'll keep that in mind

Reviewer 2: And please, also apply [this](https://github.com/akamai/terraform-provider-akamai/pull/288#discussion_r817815999) 👍

Author: done

name based on the [EdgeGrid API client token](https://techdocs.akamai.com/developer/docs/authenticate-with-edgegrid) you're using.

## Example usage

Return properties associated with the EdgeGrid API client token currently used for authentication:

```hcl

> datasource "akamai_search" "example" {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
datasource "akamai_property_search" "example" {
```

  key = "hostname"
  value = "test.akamai.com"
}

output "my_property_list" {
  value = data.akamai_search.example
}
```

## Argument reference

This data source supports these arguments:

> * `key` - (Required) Key used for search. Valid values are `hostname`, `edgeHostname`, `propertyName`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `key` - (Required) Key used for search. Valid values are:
  * **hostname**
  * **edgeHostname**
  * **propertyName**
```

Author: changed but moved to docs/data-sources/property_search.md

* `value` - (Required) Value to search for.

## Attributes reference

This data source returns this attribute:

> * `properties` - A list of properties available for the contract and group IDs provided.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `properties` - A list of properties matching the given criteria.
```

Author: changed but moved to docs/data-sources/property_search.md
